fix: calculation prices after coupon (#650)
vuestorefront/vsf-capybara: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed / Improved
- Fix broken mega menu. Requires [one change](https://github.com/vuestorefront/vsf-capybara/issues/509#issuecomment-862174222) in the config. ([#509](https://github.com/vuestorefront/vsf-capybara/issues/509))

> - Used helper for calculating product prices in Cart/Checkout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using `getProductPrice` helper for calculating product prices in Cart/Checkout
```
